even a way to fulfill what she believes
God has sent her to do in Kenya she's a
follower of ananda marga
her religious movement started in India
PD has been coha is the founder of the
Abba clinic in Korea baingan or one of
the poorest slums in Nairobi the Kenyan
capital D be set up this clinic two
years ago to bring the people in the
slum a way of healing only known to the
rich in Kenya homeopathy here I got
shocked to see how sick people were and
how there was no money for that people
could not afford the medicine people
died not because the medicine didn't
exist but because they couldn't afford
to buy it
homeopathy central principle is like
cures like a natural substance that
causes the same reaction in the body as
the illness is used to cure that illness
but in heavily diluted form the tiny
amount triggers a reaction in the body
so that it produces its own defenses
against the disease since every
individuals reaction is different
treatment depends not just on the
illness but also on the patient it makes
it impossible to test this kind of
medicine in the laboratory it either
works or it doesn't
the medicines are very very small and
people are not accustomed to such small
medicine being able to do such big cures
so they got a shock they said it must be
magic in fact it's not magic its science
a regardless of their disease patients
pay about 3 dollars for the first month
of treatment and $1 20 for every month
after that in a country where 56% of the
population lives below the poverty line
other light is one of very few places
where medical treatment is thus
affordable it's very cheap even if you
earn as little as 50 shilling you can
afford it a 47 year old karaoke Maundy
is now a firm believer in the hospital
and not just because it's within his
budget actually honestly I tried other
methods of healing for example using
herbs typical of the Maasai community I
took this medicine for
two months the medicine was not helping
me that's when I started the rearing
blood the Masai told me that these were
signs that I was healing then one lady
advised me to come to this hospital and
since then my health has improved the
other like clinic doesn't only provide
medical services it also runs a
homeopathy Training Institute in the
same compound at the moment it has 15
students mainly from Korea Bundy and
other surrounding slumbers but the only
way to reach the common people is to
train the common people in this medicine
and that way it can spread as part of
learning homeopathy the students also
learn yoga and aerobics a welcome break
from the former classrooms that usually
come and study a year ago Morris adesh
and his wife Jane were students in this
very classroom now they are both
homeopathic practitioners at the clinic
for them homeopathy is a household skill
with my children they know I'm like this
I'm like this so even if I'm not there
if somebody feels sick he knows the
remedy to take we need to have a
promotional sort of in order that people
should know that homeopathy has no side
effect and homeopathy is the best type
of treatment but the chairman of
Africa's Association for alternative
medicine it's sure that homeopathy will
be accepted one day in South Africa
where conventional doctors and Hama
birth and her beliefs are working as
from the same premises and the patient
was and opted for whatever system of
medicine he wished she wishes to be
treated with but even without formal
recognition this little clinic is
already the shining light at the end of
the tunnel for many residents interior
banking north providing affordable and
effective healthcare
in the heart of the slum